Add entry for various application layout changes (#104)
DFE-Digital/bat-design-history: app/posts/manage-teacher-training-applications/2020-03-27-application-layout-changes.md

If the section is labelled ‘Criminal convictions and professional misconduct’ and displayed toward the top
Then providers will spot and understand it

{{ appFigure({
  image: {
    file: "criminal-convictions.png"
  }
}) }}

### Layout of work history and unpaid experience sections

Previously these sections used [a table layout with collapsed sections](/manage-teacher-training-applications/offer-panel#offer-panel-new) which is quite hard to read and means users have to click to reveal the content. It's also quite different to the way most CVs are laid out.

If the sections are laid using headings and paragraphs
Then it'll be more familiar, easier to read and won't need to be revealed

{{ appFigure({
  image: {
    file: "work-history.png"
  }
}) }}

### Layout of personal statement section

Previously the [personal statement used a summary list](/manage-teacher-training-applications/offer-panel#offer-panel-new). But this is problematic because:

- there's limited space in the right column to fit the content nicely
- there's not enough space in the left column to explain what the candidate's view is

If the sections are laid out with simple headings and paragraphs

> Then we it'll be much easier to read

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the sections are laid out with simple headings, paragraphs and sensible line lengths, then it'll be easy to read
```
